All_Words           Dependency          Window_Words        word2vec_deps       word2vec_d_bow5
explode             grenade             explode             bombs               bombs
bomber              torpedo             explosive           torpedo             exploded
bombing             bombing             bombing             bomber              blast
explosion           substituent         explosion           missile             explosives
injure              sshelled            bomber              blast               bombing
attack              bomber              grenade             bombing             bomber
explosive           explosion           weapon              bullet              atomic
aircraft            missile             aircraft            rocket              explosion
atomic              weapon              allied              missiles            explosive
kill                rocket              plane               explosion           bombardment
luftwaffe           explosive           blast               attack              nuclear
raid                qizhou              drop                bombed              missile
grenade             ginkgo              missile             weapon              missiles
terrorist           cerata              bombardment         poison              rocket
bombardment         thallium            enemy               cannon              terrorist
damage              fire                squadron            gun                 bombers
target              munition            atomic              device              reactor
weapon              shelling            attack              ambush              torpedo
drop                skyweir             tank                raid                weapon
plane               ggw                 nuclear             reactor             weapons